Fixes #20754: Ansible collection does not properly setup repository for (yet?) unsupported OS (#48)
Normation/rudder-ansible: README.md

      roles:
        - role: rudder.rudder.rudder_agent
          vars:
            agent_version: 7.0
```

### rudder_server

#### Role variables

- `server_version`: Rudder version(default: `7.0`)
- `rudder_repository`: Rudder repository domain (default: `repository.rudder.io`)

> - `rudder_repository_url`: Specific Rudder repository URL (default: `empty`), used only when is not empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `rudder_repository_url`: Complete Rudder repository URL (default: `empty`), used only when not empty, replace the server_version and rudder_repository when used.
```

#### Role variables

- `rudder_version`: Rudder version(default: `7.0`)
- `repository`: Rudder repository domain (default: `repository.rudder.io`)

> - `repository_url`: Specific Rudder repository URL (default: `empty`), used only when is not empty.

Reviewer: Apply same change than above

      roles:
        - role: rudder.rudder.rudder_repository
          vars:

>             rudder_version: 7

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            rudder_version: 7.0
```
